# 3D-Animation
 Training Webinar... Training: How To Create World Class 3D Animated Videos And Sell Them For Upto $300 Each... Video is Playing…  Click For Sound Next Step, Click Here To Secure Your Spot What is AvatarBuilder? Read This Personal Message From The Founders Paul Ponna &amp; Sid Diwar... :)Hey,  Thank you for checking this out!  "AvatarBuilder'- the first of it's kind multi-purpose video maker app featuring next-generation 3D Animation, Artificial Intelligence and Multilingual Video technologies inside ONE app...  Within hours of releases AvatarBuilder became a worldwide bestseller with over 3000 people purchasing it - everyone is LOVING this new technology!  AvatarBuilder comes loaded with industry-leading technologies not available inside any other app...  + Disney &amp; Pixar Style Customizable "Talking 3D Spokespersons" + World's First Custom 3D Avatar Builder + Artificial Intelligence Smart Scene Creator + Thousands of Ready-Made Video Templates + Hundreds of Natural Sounding Text-to-speech Voices + Accurate Speech-To-Text Transcription + Next-Gen Logo Mapping To Brand Avatars + Dynamic Scene Transitions &amp; Animations + Ability To Add Watermarks &amp; Backgrounds + Millions of Video, Image &amp; Music Assets + Unlimited Videos Renders + Commercial License and a whole lot more...  See The Powerful Software Demo Here....  Replace expensive spokespersons, voice artists and multiple video apps. Save money and time.  You can create UNLIMITED videos without limits without paying any monthly fees.  The best part? Commercial License is INCLUDED so you can sell the videos online and offline for hefty margins!  As an introductory special we are giving away UNLIMITED usage for a low ONE-TIME price.  Unlock The Earlybird Discount Here  To reward you for your time, we are giving away bonuses worth thousands. See all the bonuses below.  Enjoy!  Paul Ponna &amp; Sid Diwar  P.S. If you already got AvatarBuilder, get any ONE of the upgrades below to get access to all the bonuses worth thousands...  Upgrade #1 - AvatarBuilder Elite http://www.AvatarBuilder.com//l/elite/  Upgrade #2 - AvatarBuilder Agency http://www.avatarbuilder.com/l/agency/  Upgrade #3 - AvatarBuilder Template Hub http://www.avatarbuilder.com/l/templatehub/  Upgrade #4 - AvatarBuilder VoicePro http://www.avatarbuilder.com/l/voicepro/    Exclusive Bonus #1 - Creatofy Video Maker - Commercial License ($497 Value)  Use this unreleased powerful video app to create  professional &amp; creative animated videos for any business, events, ecommerce, live webinar invitations, video greeting cards, product promos, special limited time deals, appointment booking, customer loyalty videos and more!  Choose from a wide variety of video templates in various sizes and shapes so you can create a video for any social platform and attract more customers with ease!  With the included commercial license you can sell these videos in addition to the videos you create inside AvatarBuilder for TOP Dollar and maximize revenues! Exclusive Bonus #2 - Mockup Video Maker - Commercial License ($497 Value)  Never been released before. Get first access to this amazing video mockup creator app before everyone else.  Create amazing device mockups, product mockups to add an extra pop to your videos. Drag and Drop you logos and product images inside laptops, desktops, bottles, t-shirts and other elements with amazing animations and effects.  The best part is, you can upload these videos into AvatarBuilder to spice up your videos and elevate your brand! Exclusive Bonus #3 - Video Rank Engine - Agency License ($297 Value)  Uncover the keywords of influencer videos that get millions of video views in minutes. You can use the same keywords in your videos and rank on page one of Google and YouTube!  You no longer have to waste time finding high ranking keywords, simply copy what is already working and get thousands of views to your videos.  Use the "agency license" included to rank videos for your clients and charge them for your services! Get AvatarBuilder Now For A Low One-Time Price Exclusive Bonus #4 - Ecom Video Maker - Commercial License ($497 Value) Exclusive Bonus #1 - Ecom Video Maker - Commercial License ($497 Value)  Use this powerful video maker app to create “conversion tested” ecommerce videos using ready-made video templates that are designed to get more traffic and sales to ANY ecommerce business.   Includes commercial license so you can create videos for your clients and run them as Facebook ads, YouTube ads and any other social media platform!  10X your revenues by selling these videos to ecom site owners in addition to videos you create with AvatarBuilder.    Exclusive Bonus #5 - Done-For-You AvatarBuilder Video Agency Website ($997)    Want to sell the videos you create with AvatarBuilder (or any other video app) for top dollar online?  Use our professionally designed "done-for-you" agency website to look like an authority to charge MORE for your services!  The site is ready with professional copywriting geared to convert your prospects into SALES!   Exclusive Bonus #5 - Done-For-You AvatarBuilder Video Agency Website ($997) Exclusive Bonus #3 - 21 Day AvatarBuilder Video Mentorship Training ($497)  Learn how to sell your videos top dollar and attract more big ticket clients to sell the videos you create with AvatarBuilder.   21 days of intense training training workshops will make you an expert.  This is a MUST HAVE if you want to get real results from your AvatarBuilder videos or any other video app you own.  Get AvatarBuilder Now For A Low One-Time Price Exclusive Bonus #4- Artificial Intelligence Logo Creator ($67 Value)  Create professional eye catching logos and sell them to local businesses for $300 to $500 or integrate them with your AvatarBuilder videos in seconds.   The unique built-in "artificial intelligence" engine that automatically finds the relevant icons, images &amp; fonts and then generates dozens of variations of your logos in minutes. Select the one you like and download!  Perfectly integrates with AvatarBuilder. Just import the logos created by the AI Logo Creator into AvatarBuilder and add it to your video templates. Save money and time, you never have to pay a designer to create logos ever again!   Exclusive Bonus #5 - Video Thumbnail Maker App ($67 Value)  Skyrocket your click-throughs and video views using this newbie friendly video thumbnail maker app!  Attract more customers to your videos and boost traffic, leads and sales. Perfect to get more results with the video you create with AvatarBuilder.  Exclusive Bonus #6 - AvatarBuilder Success Case Studies ($197 Value)  Copy your way to success without worrying reinventing the wheel. Get instant access to case studies of other users who have been using AvatarBuilder to maximize revenues, leads and sales.  Apply these strategies in your own business to get results fast! Get AvatarBuilder Now For A Low One-Time Price Exclusive Bonus #7- Royalty-Free Music Tracks ($197 Value)  Stop wasting time and money searching and paying hefty fees to find music tracks for your videos.  Use this royalty-free music library that's integrated with AvatarBuilder to spice up any video and explode your results!  Exclusive Bonus #8 - Skype Mentorship Group Access ($997)  Join this private Skype mentorship group to Interact, learn, network and thrive alongside hundreds of other like-minded online entrepreneurs who all share the same passion of building and growing successful businesses.  Weekly training, bonuses worth thousands and free software giveaways are the perks you get when you join this private skype group!  Exclusive Bonus #9 - HD Stock Video Bundle ($197 Value) Bonus Image Option #1   HD stock videos cost $150 to $300 each. Craft studio-grade professional videos using this huge collection of HD stock videos and backgrounds.  You can even upload these videos into the AvatarBuilder app and use them in your videos!  Exclusive Bonus #10 - Done-For-You Call-To-Action Human Voiceovers  And Sales Scripts ($197 Value) Exclusive Bonus #10 - Done-For-You Call-To-Action Human Voiceovers  And Sales Scripts ($197 Value)  Stop paying hundreds of dollars to  get professional voice overs recorded.  Use these 22 professional call-to-action voices in your videos inside AvatarBuilder to crush your competition and close more sales!  You don't need to pay a copywriter to write video scripts for you. Simply customize the scripts and create highly engaging sales scripts for your videos to skyrocket your conversions and sales!  Get AvatarBuilder Now For A Low One-Time Price Note if You Already Got AvatarBuilder - Purchase any ONE of the upgrade below to get all the bonuses worth thousands! Upgrade #1 - AvatarBuilder Elite http://www.AvatarBuilder.com/l/elite/  Upgrade #2 - AvatarBuilder Agency http://www.avatarbuilder.com/l/agency/  Upgrade #3 - AvatarBuilder Template Hub http://www.avatarbuilder.com/l/templatehub/  Upgrade #4 - AvatarBuilder VoicePro http://www.avatarbuilder.com/l/voicepro/ Copyright - AvatarBuilder.com - All rights reserved This site is not a part of the FaceBook website or FaceBook INC. Additionally, this site is NOT endorsed by FaceBook in ANY WAY. FACEBOOK is a trademark of FaceBook INC. AvatarBuilder Personal
